So, you somehow survived.
Quite impressive.
Larhart: That's
not entirely accurate.
The truth is, I didn't
survive anything.
You see...
I was given a drop of Master
Baran's own Dragon Blood.
That power...
that power running through
his veins brought me back.
Hyunckel [thought]:
Of course...
If Baran could use it to
bring Popp back to life,
then why not
Larhart, as well?
After the battle, Master
Baran gave all three of us
Dragon Masters a
drop of his elixir.
Then, by the Fountain of
Miracles, he laid us to rest.
However, as
generous as that was,
Dragon Blood
doesn't guarantee
the resurrection of
all who consume it.
Only those who possess
the willpower to resist
the pull of the afterlife and
crawl back from
the edge of oblivion
are able to experience
its full effects...
Out of the three of us...
I was the only one
able to make it back.
Hyunckel [thought]: I see.
Then Popp's will must
have been strong enough
to bring him back
after casting Megante.
It didn't happen all
at once, either.
As a matter of fact,
I only woke up in my
coffin a few days ago.
If I hadn't, I'd have
missed the final battle.
The gods have good timing.
Indeed. And the same
could be said for you.
If you hadn't...
rescued me...
Rescued you? I don't recall
ever doing that, Hyunckel.
I merely disposed of an enemy
who was standing in my way.
I have no interest in
saving losers. That was all.
What did you say?
I know exactly
how soft you are.
Let me guess,
your injuries are from
protecting your
enemy, aren't they?
A truly competent Warrior
would never act on such
a foolish sentiment.
It's no wonder that you lost.
Enough! Show some respect.
What if he's right?
Hyunckel...
Hyunckel: To coldly
analyze a situation
and defeat one's
enemy like a machine,
never showing a
hint of mercy...
If that's what makes
a true Warrior,
then it's something I'm
no longer willing to do.
If that means I'm
not worthy anymore...
Then so be it.
I stand by my actions.
Hym was in danger, and
I couldn't abandon him.
Simple as that.
Larhart: I can't
say I'm surprised.
It appears I made
a mistake leaving
the fates of Master Baran
and Dino in your hands.
And just looking at
the state of you,
I doubt you'll be of any use to
Master Dino for what lies ahead.
Larhart - what do you
think you're doing?!
Put it down!
This man is too pitiful
to live any longer.
I'm going to put him down,
just like he deserves!
But, L-Larhart...
The infamous Warrior
Hyunckel is no more.
At this very moment,
I've struck him down
for the last time.
And considering that,
I don't see any reason
why I shouldn't take the
Dark Armor Spear for myself.
Yes. Go ahead. Wear it well.
A dead man has
no use for armor.
Larhart: Amdo!
Farewell, my old friend.
I will fight in your place.
Thanks a lot.
Don't mention it.
You were too kind to go
on fighting forever, anyway.
Hym: "Too kind"?!
This "warrior" is
getting on my nerves.
No, let him go.
That's just what his
way of showing decency.
I have a feeling
that he must have been
sent to protect
Dai in my place.
A savior summoned by Baran
from the heavens above.
Hym: What makes you
think he's a savior?
When a Warrior witnesses one
of his own fall in battle,
he carries their will.
My duty has now become his.
Hyunckel [thought]: What a
strange twist of fate this is...
Now we've both watched
each other die.
I've done everything I could.
I even managed to rescue Hym.
Maybe now...
Maybe now no one will scold
me for accepting defeat...
Mas... Master...
Hym: Yeah, I'm familiar
with the custom.
What really gets under
my skin is his whole,
"We've got a special
Warrior bond" attitude.
I guess someday,
I'm just going to have
to take him down, too.
Come to think of it...
Once we've healed up,
I suppose I need to settle the
score with you first, don't I?
Hyunckel, are you
even listening to me?
Larhart [thought]:
Thank you, Hyunckel.
For carrying on my will,
and for how much
you've given to keep Master
Dino safe along the way.
You can leave the rest to me.
I won't let you down.
Because I am the battle
machine you spoke of...
And if I'm right,
your friends are going to
need that force on their side.
Look, up ahead!
Crocodine: Is that Hyunckel?
Wait...
I know you. You're
from the Royal Guard.
Why are you here?
Hyunckel...
What happened?
Did you do this?
Hym: Keep it down. He's gone.
It's over.
He...
After all that fighting,
he finally gets to rest.
Probably... for the
first time ever...
he can put... the
battlefield behind him...
and allow that weary soul of
his to find peace at last.
Rest... Hyunckel.
Mystvearn: It appears
the King's Orichalcum Army
has been wiped off the board.
Mystvearn: But that's
hardly a shock.
Maximum believed he had
King Vearn's favor...
But in truth, he was really
just a delusional maniac.
That pompous fool must've
thought he was hunting a mouse
and learned that even
a wounded beast can bite.
Now, who could dispose
of Orichalcum soldiers?
Clearly one of the
Disciples not present.
Hyunckel, or perhaps
Avan himself?
Avan: Actually,
I'm right here.
All: Master Avan!
And I've been a
little occupied,
so it must have been
my first student.
He could do it bare-handed.
It's about time, Master!
We were getting worried.
[laughing]
[amused chuckle]
Uh, excuse me...
Not just Master Avan.
I'm here, too, y'know.
Sorry.
I mean, c'mon.
It's not like we
could've forgotten
you were with him
or anything. Honestly.
[chuckling]
Seriously?
[annoyed snarl]
Mystvearn: The legendary Avan.
I see you and the
Princess went ahead
to explore the
Tower of Supremacy.
Leona: You've got that right.
And we've already mapped
out most of the path ahead.
Easy peasy.
Also, while we were at it,
I took the liberty of
disarming the Reaper's traps.
It was a rather tough job...
But tough jobs are why
I carry this special item.
Wait! M-Master...
I don't think you need to
show them that right now.
Ah-ha!
Seeperil Glasses I found
in the Cave of Trials...
They let me see
through any trap!
And this hammer?
Well, I'd be
happy to give you
a demonstration of
what it can do!
Swish, swish, swish!
With this hammer of mine
and Seeperil Glasses,
crushing traps has never
been a bigger smash!
Leona [thought]: Ugh, so much
for making a cool entrance.
He just had to open
his dorky mouth.
Sorta overdid it, huh?
Yep. Even at a time like this,
he can't let a lame
bit go to waste.
He's probably got
something big up his sleeve.
Seems like we shouldn't have
bothered worrying about him.
He's only getting started.
Mystvearn: [laughing]
Huh?
Well, I mean...
He's right. It was
pretty ridiculous.
Are you kidding me?
Mystvearn [thought]:
How eccentric.
What a fascinating man.
I understand now, Avan.
Quite the human, aren't you?
Your reputation precedes you.
Since first defeating
the Dark Lord Hadlar,
you've been one of
our chief threats.
But to actually see you at work
is something altogether...
intriguing.
You try to hide your
overwhelming talents
behind the mask
of a buffoon...
But that obnoxious
integrity in your heart
shines too brightly
to be concealed.
It's not surprising your
disciples continue to
look up to you
as much as they do.
Avan: Princess Leona has
filled me in on everything
that's happened over the course
of these past three months.
And from what she's told me,
the current Dark Commander...
Mystvearn, will be the
greatest and most powerful
adversary left in our
fight against Vearn.
It appears... Her
assessment was correct.
Mystvearn: As are you.
There's been no
word from Zaboera,
I can only assume
he's been defeated.
Our self-proclaimed "terrifying
guardian" has also fallen.
I am the only one
who remains that can
exterminate the pests
scurrying around our palace.
Mystvearn: I, Mystvearn, will
have to vanquish you myself.
Popp: Good luck with that,
you talking bedsheet.
We beat the other five
Legion Commanders,
and you are about
to be number six.
Mystvearn: The Six
Legion Commanders?
[chuckling]
I'm getting real
sick of that laugh.
Mystvearn: The Six Legion
Commanders were a joke...
Nothing more than an
amusing little experiment
that King Vearn
concocted on a whim.
The only one he's
ever actually needed to
wipe out the surface
world... is me.
Be that as it may, our king
has a far grander vision than
the mere destruction
of your realm.
His desire is to claim the sun
and its blessings for himself.
By creating the six legions,
he not only gained
the ultimate army,
but a legacy that
would span generations.
Hadlar was the most powerful
being on the surface world,
so Vearn invited
him to join forces
and placed me
under his command.
We chose Baran and
Hyunckel for their spirit,
and for their burning
hatred of the human world...
Crocodine for his loyalty
and brute strength...
Flazzard and Zaboera
for their cunning
and their ruthless ambition...
Each were selected for
the potential
King Vearn saw in them.
In order to compose
the ultimate army,
the tension between such a
varying group of personalities
was an essential catalyst.
Now, it looks like
you've taken that plan
and dragged it
through the mud.
I'll admit it was an
unfortunate turn of events,
even if in the end... it
doesn't make any difference.
The Dark Army
was a fleeting dream
that only lasted
a few decades.
There will be more to come.
Losing it does
not alter our goal
of wiping out
the surface world.
Armies come and go,
but I've been around
for thousands of years...
And for most of them, I alone
have protected King Vearn!
Popp [thought]:
He's so powerful...
There's no doubt he's the most
dangerous one of them all.
It's like he's on an entirely
different level than the others.
How are we going to do this?
Mystvearn: Now, come
and face me, little ones.
The day grows long,
and it's time for me to make
this White Garden your grave.
Watch yourself, Dai.
Don't forget; if he
has a hidden face...
who knows what else
he's been hiding?
Right. Just one thing to do...
We fight with
all our strength.
Avan: Not so fast.
Now. I will be
the one to fight him.
Mystvearn: There's always
room for one more, Avan.
Or do you mean you
wish to face me alone?
But, Master that's
totally nuts...
We're all here, aren't we?
I say we fight
him together...
Leona [thought]: Master...
What do you say, Mystvearn?
Do you accept my
challenge, or refuse?
Mystvearn: I refuse.
What?!
Mystvearn: You're
very compelling.
But I almost forgot you
were someone else's prey...
And he tends to be
very vindictive.
I'm not keen to find out
how he'll react
if I steal his quarry.
Wait, no!
Is that...
Dai: It's Killvearn.
He's lured Master into a trap!
Mystvearn: I knew you'd
turn up, Killvearn. Well done.
The Reaper lives up to
his reputation once again.
Mystvearn [thought]:
That scythe...
Killvearn: Apologies, Myst.
If it's any consolation,
the others are all yours.
I'll have more than enough
fun playing with this one.
All: Master!
Master, no!
Oh, no...
Where did they go?!
I have no idea.
It's like they just...
vanished into thin air.
Mystvearn: Well, it seems as
though history repeats itself.
Tell me, Dai.
How does it feel to
watch your master
be taken from
you once again?
To lose him not just
once, but twice...
I imagine your heart is overcome
with frustration and loss.
So this was your
plan the whole time.
You played the bait
so the Reaper could
swoop in and
ambush Master Avan!
Mystvearn: This isn't
an ambush. Believe me...
It's something
far more interesting.
Mystvearn: A fight
for revenge. A duel.
All: A duel?!
Mystvearn: That scythe that
Killvearn used to capture Avan
was not equipped with
the Reaper Flute,
but a different
weapon altogether.
One that opened a portal and
dragged Avan into another realm.
Suffice to say, your
master wasn't killed...
But he is about to be.
Avan: Where am I?
What is this place?
It's not moving...
Whatever that is, I don't
think it's targeting me.
But I don't see
anyone else around...
It stands to reason
this strange robot thing
is what dragged me
into this place.
Killvearn: Bingo!
Killvearn: We meet again, Avan.
Welcome to my
field of revenge.
Under normal circumstances,
I would've preferred to repay
you for humiliating me sooner...
but I just couldn't decide
which mask I should wear.
I really liked the
one that you ruined.
Choosing a successor
was quite a pain.
Although...
Killvearn: I was
able to dig up
the perfect one for
such an occasion.
Avan [thought]:
It's a Mask of Anger.
Killvearn: As you can see,
this mask expresses
how I'm truly feeling,
deep inside.
I must admit, I'm impressed.
No man has ever
insulted my honor
or infuriated me
quite as much as you.
Perhaps that student of
yours... the yappy little Mage?
He certainly came close.
But it's clear that he was
only imitating his master...
And now, just as I promised,
I'm going to kill you myself.
We'll see about that.
So, you're going
with your anger
and giving up
the smug facade...
And what sort
of diabolical trap
have you prepared
for me this time?
Killvearn: Consider that
my slap with a glove.
This time,
there are no traps.
Fair and square, as they say.
I challenge you to a duel.
That so?
Killvearn: It's what this field
we're standing in was made for.
I see you've
already met my toy.
It's part of a collection of
Underworld relics I've curated -
a mechanical creature
known as a Judge.
Killvearn: Its scythe
has the ability to
tear holes in reality.
It uses it to drag its
targets into this dimension.
You may be asking yourself,
what use did the Underworld
have for such a thing?
The answer is
duels like these.
Any time there was a score to
settle, the Judge was summoned.
Basically, as
the name implies,
this instrument
presides over the duel...
Observing every
move and analyzing
as the challengers
are locked in combat.
Here, free of
all distractions,
isolated on this
empty stage, they fight -
and fight until eventually
one of them falls.
And in the end,
the Judge will raise
its fearsome scythe
and pass its ruling...
The loser is then beheaded.
What a terrifying device.
A fitting invention for
the unending conflict
of the Underworld.
Killvearn: Very well put.
In truth, I only got it because
I rather like the design.
I never imagined I'd actually
wind up using it myself,
but that's life, isn't it?
It's always the unexpected
things that prove useful.
So, Avan...
The choice is yours.
Will you accept my challenge?
Strange definition
of "acceptance."
If the only way out
is to defeat you,
then I don't actually have
any choice at all, do I?
There's nothing fair or
square about this...
I'd even say... that's the
definition of a trap, you fiend.
Killvearn: Always
with the attitude.
I assume that
means you accept.
Now prepare to
meet your doom.
Avan [thought]: What?
Killvearn's using a sword?!
Judge: Avan versus Killvearn...
Let the battle begin.
Judge: Killvearn
draws the first blood!
Sixty-five damage
against Avan.
Mystvearn: I suggest
we make a wager, Dai.
Which one of them do you think
will make it back here alive?
Obviously, I'm putting
my gold on the Reaper.
Narrator: Locked inside
of another dimension,
Avan's duel with the
wrathful Killvearn rages on...
leaving Dai and
the others shaken
from losing their
master again.
And when Mystvearn strikes,
they discover that even
their combined strength
is no match for the
spectral commander.
But just when it seems as
if he's broken their spirit,
a lone feather strikes
the battlefield...
and a mighty warrior
follows close behind.
See how it ends on
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Successor of Justice".